README.md, before:

# DC801-SAINTCON2017-Minibadge
Minibadge design for the 2017 SAINTCON badge with a DC801 theme

Powered
![Powered](/Badge/Images/Badge_Powered.jpg)

Front
![Front](/Badge/Renders/DC801-Minibadge-3D.png)

![Front](/Badge/Images/Badge.jpg)

Back

![Back](/Badge/Renders/DC801-Minibadge-back-3D.png)

![Back](/Badge/Images/Badge_Back.jpg)

The Minibadge includes a spiffy DC801 design and two automatic slow-cycling RGB LEDs

The Minibadge can be used in two ways:

1. SAINTCON Minibadge Mode
2. Shirt Pin Mode

# Instructions for SAINTCON Minibadge Mode

1) Insert the LEDs into the back of the board with the shorter legs toward the top
2) Bend the legs of the LEDs over to contact the pads
3) Trim legs to pads and solder
4) Pick a resistor and solder R1:
   0 - Brightest, 20-55mA
   470 - Bright, 3-4mA
   1k - Not so bright, 1.5-2mA
5) Break the pin headers to fit 
6) Cut the sockets into two 8 pin sockets 
7) Insert the sockets with pins into your SAINTCON badge
8) Place the DC801 Minibadge onto the pins and solder
9) Flip your SAINTCON badge over and solder on the sockets

# Instructions for Shirt Pin Mode

1) Follow above, but don’t use the pin headers
2) Solder included button pin to large pad at top



# BOM

Prices/sourcing as of 10/2017
Part prices do not include shipping costs - typical was about another $0.30 per unit

Item | Part Number | Sourcing | Cost Each (100 unit pricing) | Needed per kit | Total
-----|-------------|----------|------------------------------|----------------|------
PCB | 100 qty, black silkscreen | [seeed](https://www.seeedstudio.com/fusion_pcb.html) | $0.334 | 1 | $0.334
D1,2 | Chanzon AA0018x100 3mm LED | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01C19ENH8) | $0.075 | 2 | $0.15
R1 | Yageo RC1206JR-070RL 0 Ohm | [Mouser](http://www.mouser.com/Search/ProductDetail.aspx?R=RC1206JR-070RL) | $0.006 | 1 | $0.006
R1 | Yageo RC1206FR-07470RL 470 Ohm | [Mouser](http://www.mouser.com/Search/ProductDetail.aspx?R=RC1206FR-07470RL) | $0.009 | 1 | $0.009
R1 | Yageo RC1206FR-071KL 1k Ohm | [Mouser](http://www.mouser.com/Search/ProductDetail.aspx?R=RC1206FR-071KL) | $0.009 | 1 | $0.009
Pins/Sockets | Pins and Sockets, 40 pin | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B074HVBTZ4) | $0.26 | 1/2 | $0.13
Shirt pins | Mudder Butterfly Clutch Tie Tacks | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B06VXNN1HK) | $0.0699 | 1 | $0.0699
Bags | Metallic foil clear/black | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01DMG9BQW) | $0.1849 | 1 | $0.1849
Cards | Instruction Cards (500 qty) | Vistaprint | $0.01998 | 1 | $0.01998
Total | Per each board kit | | | | $0.913


Hope you enjoy!

@hamster

Commit message:

Adding mentions of the shirt pin battery

README.md, after:

# DC801-SAINTCON2017-Minibadge
Minibadge design for the 2017 SAINTCON badge with a DC801 theme

Powered
![Powered](/Badge/Images/Badge_Powered.jpg)

Front
![Front](/Badge/Renders/DC801-Minibadge-3D.png)

![Front](/Badge/Images/Badge.jpg)

Back

![Back](/Badge/Renders/DC801-Minibadge-back-3D.png)

![Back](/Badge/Images/Badge_Back.jpg)

The Minibadge includes a spiffy DC801 design and two automatic slow-cycling RGB LEDs

The Minibadge can be used in two ways:

1. SAINTCON Minibadge Mode
2. Shirt Pin Mode

# Instructions for SAINTCON Minibadge Mode

1) Insert the LEDs into the back of the board with the shorter legs toward the top
2) Bend the legs of the LEDs over to contact the pads
3) Trim legs to pads and solder
4) Pick a resistor and solder R1:
   0 - Brightest, 20-55mA
   470 - Bright, 3-4mA
   1k - Not so bright, 1.5-2mA
5) Break the pin headers to fit 
6) Cut the sockets into two 8 pin sockets 
7) Insert the sockets with pins into your SAINTCON badge
8) Place the DC801 Minibadge onto the pins and solder
9) Flip your SAINTCON badge over and solder on the sockets

# Instructions for Shirt Pin Mode

1) Follow above, but don’t use the pin headers
2) Solder included button pin to large pad at top



# BOM

Prices/sourcing as of 10/2017
Part prices do not include shipping costs - typical was about another $0.30 per unit

Item | Part Number | Sourcing | Cost Each (100 unit pricing) | Needed per kit | Total
-----|-------------|----------|------------------------------|----------------|------
PCB | 100 qty, black silkscreen | [seeed](https://www.seeedstudio.com/fusion_pcb.html) | $0.334 | 1 | $0.334
D1,2 | Chanzon AA0018x100 3mm LED | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01C19ENH8) | $0.075 | 2 | $0.15
R1 | Yageo RC1206JR-070RL 0 Ohm | [Mouser](http://www.mouser.com/Search/ProductDetail.aspx?R=RC1206JR-070RL) | $0.006 | 1 | $0.006
R1 | Yageo RC1206FR-07470RL 470 Ohm | [Mouser](http://www.mouser.com/Search/ProductDetail.aspx?R=RC1206FR-07470RL) | $0.009 | 1 | $0.009
R1 | Yageo RC1206FR-071KL 1k Ohm | [Mouser](http://www.mouser.com/Search/ProductDetail.aspx?R=RC1206FR-071KL) | $0.009 | 1 | $0.009
Pins/Sockets | Pins and Sockets, 40 pin | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B074HVBTZ4) | $0.26 | 1/2 | $0.13
Shirt pins | Mudder Butterfly Clutch Tie Tacks | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B06VXNN1HK) | $0.0699 | 1 | $0.0699
Bags | Metallic foil clear/black | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01DMG9BQW) | $0.1849 | 1 | $0.1849
Cards | Instruction Cards (500 qty) | Vistaprint | $0.01998 | 1 | $0.01998
Total | Per each board kit | | | | $0.913


# Battery Holder

Included in the [Shirt Pin Battery](/Shirt%20Pin%20Battery) folder is a board that can hold a battery to power the badge and attach to your shirt, if you want blinkies in a tiny package.

![Shirt Pin Battery](/Shirt%20Pin%20Battery/Renders/Shirt%20Pin%20Battery%20Holder%20Top.png)


Hope you enjoy!

@hamster
